-Hey guys, we're here at
a local high school
out in Queens, New York City.
Now, Kevin, you're in a
new movie called "Night School,"
and because of that,
I thought it would be fun
if the two of us went back
to high school for a day
and competed against
each other to see
who is the better student.
Now, none of the students
know we're here,
so we're about to surprise them
and crash their classes all day.
You ready?
-Yes.
[ Bell rings ]
-Good morning, everybody.
So, we have
two new students today.
Let's make them feel welcome.
-Hey.
-Good morning.
-Thank you.
-This is for you.
Oh, please. Eat it whenever.
Hey.
[ All gasp ]
-Good morning.
-How you doing?
-Good.
-An apple?
What do you give him
an apple for?
I don't know you're into
Apple products,
but I got you all of them.
-Apple.
-[ Laughs ]
-Yeah, you could eat mine,
make it into an applesauce.
-You know where you can learn
more about applesauce?
On apple TV.
-Hmm.
-I'm ready to learn.
I'm not here to waste your time.
-All right, so, today,
we're going to be doing
some solving
algebraic equations.
All right, so, Jimmy,
you want to give it a try?
-Um, sure.
-[ Laughs ]
-Of course.
And let's see.
"X" plus 22.
-Unh-unh. Unh-unh.
-29.
-Unh-unh.
-That thing,
I always very good --
-Mnh-mnh.
-32, "X" --
-What?
-"X" equals 7.
-What?! What?!
-No.
[ Laughter ]
-Oh, like you know what it is.
-Everybody knows that.
If he had called me up there,
it's easy.
You just --
-I don't even know --
[ Bell rings ]
Oh, I guess I can't show you.
I got to go.
-That's unbelievable.
-I got to go.
[ Bell rings ]
-Here's the day
we've all been waiting for --
frog dissection.
-Oh!
[ Both gag ]
-I'm gonna throw up.
[ Burps ]
Kinda see his ass.
I can see the frog...
Oh, my God.
[ Burps ]
Oh, it got me.
[ Bell rings ]
-And I had a bag,
like, a bag, you know.
And that's when I said,
"Put the money in the bag."
[ Laughter ]
I can't even talk!
[ Chair scraping ]
[ Laughs ]
What's that noise?
So, finally --
-You guys having --
-It's so loud. It's so loud.
It's so loud.
Just pick the chair up.
-Hi, guys.
-It's so loud.
-How you doing?
Oh, this is so fun.
Are you guys laughing over here?
[ Laughs ]
I got a joke.
Do you want to hear
a school joke?
A neutron walks into a bar.
A neutron.
He goes to the bartender,
"How much for a drink?"
The bartender says,
"Well, for you, no charge."
[ Laughs ]
-Oh, my God.
-It's a neutron.
-Guys. Guys.
I'm sorry, Megan.
-What's your problem?
-Guys...
-You don't know what
a neutron is?
No charge.
Nerds.
[ Laughs ]
[ Bell rings ]
♪♪
-Watch out, guys.
Watch out, watch out, watch out.
-Watch out. Watch out.
Watch out.
-[ Clears throat ]
-Watch out.
-Hit the ropes -- now.
-He was the one that held me up.
-Everyone else, go.
Ropes -- now.
-Oh, my God!
-I think I'm wearing
your shorts.
-He --
-Unbelievable.
[ Squeaking ]
[ Squeaks ]
[ Whistle blows ]
-Let's go.
You got it. Yeah!
And now we start.
That's right.
Yeah! Keep going!
-[ Gasping ]
I got it. I got it.
-Where's your underwear at, man?
Your Jimmy's out.
God!
[ Whistle blows ]
-[ Chuckles ]
Dodgeball.
Let's play dodgeball.
But that's a basketball.
-I know it's a basketball.
-Everybody, laps.
[ Whistle blows ]
I love laps!
-Let's go, Jimmy.
-I'm not tired.
-Jimmy's walking.
-It's power-walking.
Mall walking.
It's easier on your knees.
-Run!
No! No!
Jimmy's leaving!
Jimmy!
That was great, right?
I brought you a water, man.
-Thank you, dude.
-God, class is so crazy.
[ Bell rings ]
-Jimmy, we know you
tried very, very hard,
and we're very proud of you.
But, Kevin,
you are the better student.
-Yes!
-Oh, my gosh.
This is unbelievable.
-Oh, my God.
[ Cheers and applause ]
-♪ Tonight ♪
♪ We are young ♪
♪ So let's set
the world on fire ♪
♪ We can burn brighter
than the sun ♪
♪ Tonight ♪